release: 4.0.0 (#66)
MetaMask/accounts: packages/keyring-eth-ledger-bridge/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [5.0.0]

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: `addAccounts` returns newly created accounts only ([#63](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/63))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: `addAccounts` will now only return newly created accounts ([#63](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/63))
  - This keyring was initially returning every accounts (previous and new ones), which is different from what is expected in the [`Keyring` interface].(https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/blob/v9.2.1/src/keyring.ts#L65)
```
